it/bioagri/models/User.java
 it.bioagri.models.User
it/bioagri/models/TransactionType.java
 it.bioagri.models.TransactionType
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/impl/ProductDaoImpl.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.impl.ProductDaoImpl
it/bioagri/persistence/DataSourceFetchResult.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.DataSourceFetchResult
it/bioagri/models/TicketResponse.java
 it.bioagri.models.TicketResponse
it/bioagri/api/auth/AuthToken.java
 it.bioagri.api.auth.AuthToken
it/bioagri/api/categories/Categories.java
 it.bioagri.api.categories.Categories
it/bioagri/models/TransactionStatus.java
 it.bioagri.models.TransactionStatus
it/bioagri/models/UserGender.java
 it.bioagri.models.UserGender
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/impl/CategoryDaoImpl.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.impl.CategoryDaoImpl
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/impl/UserDaoImpl.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.impl.UserDaoImpl
it/bioagri/models/Feedback.java
 it.bioagri.models.Feedback
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/FeedbackDao.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.FeedbackDao
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/TagDao.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.TagDao
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/TransactionDao.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.TransactionDao
it/bioagri/models/UserRole.java
 it.bioagri.models.UserRole
it/bioagri/api/ApiPermissionOperation.java
 it.bioagri.api.ApiPermissionOperation
it/bioagri/JsonConfig.java
 it.bioagri.JsonConfig
 it.bioagri.JsonConfig$1
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/impl/TicketDaoImpl.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.impl.TicketDaoImpl
it/bioagri/api/users/WishList.java
 it.bioagri.api.users.WishList
it/bioagri/api/ApiPermissionType.java
 it.bioagri.api.ApiPermissionType
it/bioagri/api/orders/Transactions.java
 it.bioagri.api.orders.Transactions
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/OrderDao.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.OrderDao
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/TicketDao.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.TicketDao
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/impl/TicketResponseDaoImpl.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.impl.TicketResponseDaoImpl
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/impl/TagDaoImpl.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.impl.TagDaoImpl
it/bioagri/api/ApiResponseStatus.java
 it.bioagri.api.ApiResponseStatus
 it.bioagri.api.ApiResponseStatus$ApiExceptionAdvice
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/Dao.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.Dao
it/bioagri/api/auth/AuthLogin.java
 it.bioagri.api.auth.AuthLogin
it/bioagri/models/ProductStatus.java
 it.bioagri.models.ProductStatus
it/bioagri/WebConfig.java
 it.bioagri.WebConfig
 it.bioagri.WebConfig$Interceptor
it/bioagri/models/Product.java
 it.bioagri.models.Product
it/bioagri/api/ApiPermission.java
 it.bioagri.api.ApiPermission
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/impl/TransactionDaoImpl.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.impl.TransactionDaoImpl
it/bioagri/models/Ticket.java
 it.bioagri.models.Ticket
it/bioagri/persistence/DataSource.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.DataSource
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/impl/FeedbackDaoImpl.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.impl.FeedbackDaoImpl
it/bioagri/models/Tag.java
 it.bioagri.models.Tag
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/TicketResponseDao.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.TicketResponseDao
it/bioagri/models/Category.java
 it.bioagri.models.Category
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/UserDao.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.UserDao
it/bioagri/models/Transaction.java
 it.bioagri.models.Transaction
it/bioagri/models/TicketStatus.java
 it.bioagri.models.TicketStatus
it/bioagri/api/products/Products.java
 it.bioagri.api.products.Products
it/bioagri/api/tickets/Tickets.java
 it.bioagri.api.tickets.Tickets
it/bioagri/web/Index.java
 it.bioagri.web.Index
it/bioagri/api/orders/Orders.java
 it.bioagri.api.orders.Orders
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/ProductDao.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.ProductDao
it/bioagri/models/Order.java
 it.bioagri.models.Order
it/bioagri/api/feedbacks/Feedbacks.java
 it.bioagri.api.feedbacks.Feedbacks
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/impl/OrderDaoImpl.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.impl.OrderDaoImpl
it/bioagri/api/ApiPermissionActor.java
 it.bioagri.api.ApiPermissionActor
it/bioagri/models/UserStatus.java
 it.bioagri.models.UserStatus
it/bioagri/api/tags/Tags.java
 it.bioagri.api.tags.Tags
it/bioagri/persistence/DataSourcePrepareStatement.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.DataSourcePrepareStatement
it/bioagri/web/Error.java
 it.bioagri.web.Error
it/bioagri/models/OrderStatus.java
 it.bioagri.models.OrderStatus
it/bioagri/api/users/Users.java
 it.bioagri.api.users.Users
it/bioagri/api/auth/Auth.java
 it.bioagri.api.auth.Auth
it/bioagri/Application.java
 it.bioagri.Application
it/bioagri/api/tickets/TicketResponses.java
 it.bioagri.api.tickets.TicketResponses
it/bioagri/persistence/dao/CategoryDao.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.dao.CategoryDao
it/bioagri/persistence/DataSourceSQLException.java
 it.bioagri.persistence.DataSourceSQLException
